---
layout: post
title:  "Announcing the Rally Against Mass Surveillance"
date:   2013-09-18 09:00:00
categories: 
---

The recent NSA revelations have laid it all out: The NSA is watching us online and on our phones. The NSA has corrupted security and cryptography, undermining the fabric of the Internet. Its overreaching surveillance is creating a climate of fear, chills free speech, and violates our basic human rights — and it operates without any meaningful oversight. 

But a movement is building to change all this. And we're about to take the next step.

On Saturday, October 26 — the 12th anniversary of the signing of the USA PATRIOT Act —  thousands of people from across the political spectrum will unite in Washington, D.C. to proclaim: Enough is enough. Stop watching us. 

StopWatching.Us is a diverse coalition including more than 100 public advocacy organizations and companies from across ideological lines, including the ACLU, Access, Demand Progress, Electronic Frontier Foundation, FreedomWorks, Fight for the Future, Free Press, Mozilla, reddit, Restore the Fourth and Thoughtworks. This coalition is working to organize the biggest mass protest of the NSA’s surveillance programs to date. Will you join us? 

Hundreds of thousands of people have spoken out since the major NSA leaks began this June. More than 560,000 people took action at StopWatching.Us by signing our petition to the U.S. Congress. Dozens of members of Congress have introduced bills aimed at reining in the NSA, and hundreds of organizations and companies are uniting to end the NSA's unconstitutional surveillance.

**But we will only succeed if we take the next step and raise our voices.**

At the StopWatching.Us rally on October 26, we’ll remind our elected officials that they work for us, not the NSA. We are demanding a full Congressional investigation of America’s surveillance programs, reform to federal surveillance law, and accountability from public officials responsible for hiding this surveillance from lawmakers and the public. And we will personally deliver the half million petition signatures to Congress. 

This will be the biggest rally for privacy the U.S. has ever seen. Will you be there? 
